### IntroductionThe provided R script, named run_analysis.R, produces a tidy data set from the 'Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphones Dataset' available at [https://d396qusza40orc.cloudfront.net/getdata%2Fprojectfiles%2FUCI%20HAR%20Dataset.zip]. In brief, 30 volunteers performed six activities wearing a Samsung Galaxy S II smartphone on the waist and the embedded accelerometer and gyroscope recorded measures of body movement. Multiple recordings for each person and measure were divided into test and training data sets. Additional information is available in the README.txt file embedded in the UCI directory. The provided R script combines test and training data, adds each subject and activity as named fields, and calculates the average of each measurement per person, per actitvity. The output is a tidy data set file written to the working directory. The tidy data set contains four columns and 15480 rows. Column one has six measures of activity; column two lists the 30 subjects labelled 1-30; column three has 88 of the measured features; column four has the averaged values of each feature at each activity, per person. The tidy data set includes all measurements from the original data having either Mean, mean or std (standard deviation) in the name (n=88).The data is tidy because each column contains one variable and each row contains one observation (Wickham H. 2014).All variables have been renamed to contain only lower case characters, and are descriptive for body, time, accelerometer (acc), mean, and standard deviation (std), without being too verbose. Full details of variables are shown in the CodeBook.md### Requirements1. The unzipped UCI dataset must must be in the working directory of R 2. The dplyr and reshape2 libraries are required## Running the scriptTo execute, copy run_analysis.R script into the working directory of R and enter the following code in the R console (or RStudio console):``` source(“run_analysis.R”)``` If the UCI HAR directory is not in the working directory, the script will exit with an error message. The tidy data set will be written to the current working directory as TidyDataFrame.txt.The tidy data can be viewed in R using the following code:```tidyDF <- read.table(“TidyDataFrame.txt”, header=TRUE)View(tidyDF)```### ReferenceHadley Wickham. Tidy Data. Journal of Statistical Software. Vol.59, 10; Sept (2014).